add terraform example for official pacakge (#72)
CrowdStrike/aws-ssm-distributor: official-package/terraform/README.md

# CrowdStrike Falcon Distributor Terraform Module

This terraform code will create a AWS State Manager assocation that will install the CrowdStrike Falcon Sensor on all EC2 instances in a region. The CrowdStrike Falcon Sensor is installed using the Official CrowdStrike Distributor package.

> By default the terraform code will deploy to all regions supported by the Official Distributor package that are enabled on your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**By default the terraform code will deploy to all regions supported by the Official Distributor package that are enabled on your account.**
```

I would consider making this either bold as suggested, or use an alert like below:

> [!IMPORTANT]
> **By default the terraform code will deploy to all regions supported by the Official Distributor package that are enabled on your account.**

Author: Merged all those other suggestions imo this one isn't more important than the other paragraphs explaining the purpose of the module. Thoughts?

Reviewer: 🤷🏼‍♂️ I feel like this is one of those points where someone will undoubtedly go.. oh.. I didn't know it would deploy to all the regions by default lol.. I was just trying to highlight that this is the default.

You can target a subset of regions by setting the `aws_regions` variable. You can also exclude regions by setting the `exclude_aws_regions` variable. See [Inputs](#inputs) for more information on different options.

This terraform module does the following in each region:

- Stores your Falcon API credentials in SSM Parameter Store or Secrets Manager depending on the value of `secret_storage_method`.

> - Creates a IAM Role that allows the automation document to read the Falcon API credentials from SSM Parameter Store or Secrets Manager depending on the value of `secret_storage_method`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Creates an IAM Role that allows the automation document to read the Falcon API credentials from SSM Parameter Store or Secrets Manager depending on the value of `secret_storage_method`.
```

| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest)    | ~> 5.0.0 |
| <a name="provider_time"></a> [time](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/time/latest) | n/a      |
## Inputs

| Name                                    | Description                                                                                                                                      | Type           | Default                              | Required |
| --------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------- | ------------------------------------ | :------: |
| aws_regions                             | The AWS Regions to deploy the CrowdStrike Falcon Sensor to. Defaults to every region the Official Distributor supports.                          | `list(string)` | `[]`                                 |    no    |

> | exclude_aws_regions                     | The AWS Regions to exclude from deployment. Defaults to none. Useful for when you want to deploy to most supported except a few.                 | `list(string)` | `[]`                                 |    no    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| exclude_aws_regions                     | The AWS Regions to exclude from deployment. Defaults to none. Ideal when you aim to deploy to all supported regions except for a specified few.                 | `list(string)` | `[]`                                 |    no    |
```
